if your washer fills with water but does
not agitate or spin you may need to
reset your washer motor The Hideaway
washer is equipped with a direct drive
system this system does not require a
transmission to agitate or spin so the
motor takes on a larger role in the
drive system
if your washer senses something unusual
for example a power spike an unbalanced
load or a disruption in power it may
send a fault code to your motor this
fault code could shut down the drive
system the drive system could very well
be fine you as a consumer can reset the
motor no tools are required please
follow these three easy steps 1 power
down the unit by unplugging the washer
from the outlet
to wait approximately one minute and
plug the washer back into the outlet
three you now have 30 seconds after the
unit is powered up to lift and lower the
lid six times once you start lifting and
lowering the lid you must complete the
cycle six times within 12 seconds in
order to perform this action correctly
look at the underside of your lid and
you will see a magnet in the front right
corner when the lid is closed this
magnet activates the lid switch which is
just below the little plastic rectangle
that the magnet rests on in the closed
position on some but not all models you
may hear the lid switch clicking as you
raise and lower the lid regardless of
your model and whether or not you hear
the clicking sound just make sure to
fully close the lid as instructed
you only need to lift the lid two inches
to break this connection your motor is
now reset begin by running a small load
without placing clothes in the unit
if the unit fills and starts agitating
you can place your clothes inside and
complete the wash cycle if the unit does
not advocate or if after several loads
of clothing your washer stops again
please call for service one 800 GE cares